README.md, before:

# COVID 19 - Datasets, APIs and List of Projects.
------------------
The vision of developing this repository is to have an exhaustive list of high quality datasets, API's and projects pertaining to COVID 19 which will be open to communities such as academia, research and education.


# DATASETS:
--------------

### TABULAR DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Data on COVID-19 (coronavirus) by Our World in Data (OWID)](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/owid-COVID19.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID 19 impact on education](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-impact-on-education.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Confirmed positive cases of COVID-19 in Ontario](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/ontario-confirmed-covid19-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[British Columbia COVID-19 cases dataset](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/BC-COVID-19-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 in India dataset (contains ageGroup, hostipal beds and state level details on testing).](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-in-india.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Oxford University Dataset on COVID 19 Government Responses](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/oxfordUniversity-COVID19-response.md).



### IMAGE DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 Image data collections based upon X-ray and CT images of patients](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/image-data-chestXray-CTScans.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Stanford ML Group CheXpert - A Large Chest X-ray dataset](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/stanford-chexpert.md)



### TEXT DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[IEEE dataset on COVID-19 Twitter data](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/IEEE-twitter-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 Open Reasearch Dataset Challenge (CORD-19)](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-open-research-challenge-nih.md)




# LIST OF API's:
-----------------
|API | Description |
| ----------|--------|
|WHO NEWS API | [WHO - Twitter and YouTube API feeds for WHO, and their RSS feeds regarding COVID 19](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7NkAS?version=latest) |
|COVID 19 Tracking Project | [This API provides the details on COVID 19 cases in each of the 50 states in the US](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS8rjHv?version=latest) |
| ECDC NEWS API | [Twitter and YouTube API feeds for European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), and their RSS feeds for pulling information](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7NkAQ?version=latest) |
|Coronavirus COVID19 API (covid19api.com) | [An API for current cases and more information about COVID-19](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10808728/SzS8rjbc?version=latest)|
| Health API - COVID-19 (health-api.com) | [Global Coronavirus statistics by country and state.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74s?version=latest)|
|Coronavirus Data API (thevirustracker.com)| [Provides global stats, country stats, full timeline, and country timeline for the coronavirus](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74n?version=latest)|
|Coronavirus Smartable (smartable.ai)| [The coronavirus stats and news API offers latest and historic COVID-19 stats and news information per country or state](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74q?version=latest)|
|New South Wales Coronavirus Cases| [New South Wales Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) cases](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74r?version=latest) |
|COVID-19 Finnhub API | [Get real-time updates on the number of COVID-19 (Corona virus) cases in the US with a state-by-state breakdown. Data is sourced from CDC and reputable sources.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYW3LFa?version=latest)|
|COVID-19 Elsevier Research API| [A research dataset search engine API (indexing datasets from 60+ scientific data repositories worldwide).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYW3LUn?version=latest)|
| COVID19-India API| [A volunteer-driven API for COVID-19 stats & patient tracing in India (Unofficial).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYXXKmA?version=latest)|
|COVID-19 Statistics API| [Based on public data by Johns Hopkins CSSE ](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYXWz3x?version=latest)|
|Chile Corona API | [API to obtain data about coronavirus infections (COVID-19) in Chile.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10855464/Szf25VmX?version=latest#intro)|
|Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 API | [This is an API for the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Statistics. Source of data for this API is Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE) Github Repository.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/5352730/SzYbyxR5?version=latest) |
|Coronavirus (COVID-19) Outbreak API for Developers|[Provides confirmed cases by country and region, province and state, from CDC, ECDC, WHO, Wikipedia and NOVELCovid.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/922646/SzYbyci2?version=latest)|
|Librairy API  | [An open web service to identify drugs mentioned in a text and classify them according to the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) classification system and the Concept Unique Identifiers (CUI) described in the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/9215231/Szf25VvG?version=latest) |

Commit message:

update(README.md) : add link to our contribute page

README.md, after:

# COVID 19 - Datasets, APIs and List of Projects.
------------------
The vision of developing this repository is to have an exhaustive list of high quality datasets, API's and projects pertaining to COVID 19 which will be open to communities such as academia, research and education. 

If you have an awesome dataset, API link or a project link related to COVID-19 and would like to share it with us. Please have a look at our how to [contribute page](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/how-to-contribute-COVID19repo.md).


# DATASETS:
--------------

### TABULAR DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Data on COVID-19 (coronavirus) by Our World in Data (OWID)](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/owid-COVID19.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID 19 impact on education](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-impact-on-education.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Confirmed positive cases of COVID-19 in Ontario](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/ontario-confirmed-covid19-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[British Columbia COVID-19 cases dataset](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/BC-COVID-19-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 in India dataset (contains ageGroup, hostipal beds and state level details on testing).](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-in-india.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Oxford University Dataset on COVID 19 Government Responses](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/oxfordUniversity-COVID19-response.md).



### IMAGE DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 Image data collections based upon X-ray and CT images of patients](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/image-data-chestXray-CTScans.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[Stanford ML Group CheXpert - A Large Chest X-ray dataset](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/stanford-chexpert.md)



### TEXT DATA
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[IEEE dataset on COVID-19 Twitter data](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/IEEE-twitter-dataset.md)
* ![OK_ICON](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/ok_icon.png)[COVID-19 Open Reasearch Dataset Challenge (CORD-19)](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/datasets-details/COVID-19-open-research-challenge-nih.md)




# LIST OF API's:
-----------------
|API | Description |
| ----------|--------|
|WHO NEWS API | [WHO - Twitter and YouTube API feeds for WHO, and their RSS feeds regarding COVID 19](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7NkAS?version=latest) |
|COVID 19 Tracking Project | [This API provides the details on COVID 19 cases in each of the 50 states in the US](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS8rjHv?version=latest) |
| ECDC NEWS API | [Twitter and YouTube API feeds for European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), and their RSS feeds for pulling information](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7NkAQ?version=latest) |
|Coronavirus COVID19 API (covid19api.com) | [An API for current cases and more information about COVID-19](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10808728/SzS8rjbc?version=latest)|
| Health API - COVID-19 (health-api.com) | [Global Coronavirus statistics by country and state.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74s?version=latest)|
|Coronavirus Data API (thevirustracker.com)| [Provides global stats, country stats, full timeline, and country timeline for the coronavirus](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74n?version=latest)|
|Coronavirus Smartable (smartable.ai)| [The coronavirus stats and news API offers latest and historic COVID-19 stats and news information per country or state](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74q?version=latest)|
|New South Wales Coronavirus Cases| [New South Wales Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) cases](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74r?version=latest) |
|COVID-19 Finnhub API | [Get real-time updates on the number of COVID-19 (Corona virus) cases in the US with a state-by-state breakdown. Data is sourced from CDC and reputable sources.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYW3LFa?version=latest)|
|COVID-19 Elsevier Research API| [A research dataset search engine API (indexing datasets from 60+ scientific data repositories worldwide).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYW3LUn?version=latest)|
| COVID19-India API| [A volunteer-driven API for COVID-19 stats & patient tracing in India (Unofficial).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYXXKmA?version=latest)|
|COVID-19 Statistics API| [Based on public data by Johns Hopkins CSSE ](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10724784/SzYXWz3x?version=latest)|
|Chile Corona API | [API to obtain data about coronavirus infections (COVID-19) in Chile.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10855464/Szf25VmX?version=latest#intro)|
|Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 API | [This is an API for the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Statistics. Source of data for this API is Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE) Github Repository.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/5352730/SzYbyxR5?version=latest) |
|Coronavirus (COVID-19) Outbreak API for Developers|[Provides confirmed cases by country and region, province and state, from CDC, ECDC, WHO, Wikipedia and NOVELCovid.](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/922646/SzYbyci2?version=latest)|
|Librairy API  | [An open web service to identify drugs mentioned in a text and classify them according to the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) classification system and the Concept Unique Identifiers (CUI) described in the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS).](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/9215231/Szf25VvG?version=latest) |
