datasets-details/world-bank-indicator.md, before:

# Summary of World Bank Indicators of Interest to the COVID-19 Outbreak dataset.
This dataset provides a comprehensive list of Indicators of interest to the COVID-19 outbreak. For example hospital beds, number of Physicians, Nurses & midwives per country. It also provides details about underlying modribities such as diabetes, heart disease, cancer, etc.

**Update Frequency:** Frequency not specified (last update on March 19, 2020)

**Dataset stats:** Over 25 csv files containing data that are crucial indicators.

**Dataset Profile:** Add the link to webpage containing the profile.

### Data Sources:
--------
[World Bank Group](https://data.humdata.org/organization/905a9a49-5325-4a31-a9d7-147a60a8387c)

### Codebook
--------------
There are over 25 .csv files containing information ranging from number of healthcare professionals to smoking prevalence and from out-of pocket expenditures to sanitation and age group distibution of population.

### Projects:
-------------
There are no projects based on this dataset. But it can be used in modeling projections for COVID 19, because of the impact of these indicators in determing the outcome of a COVID 19 in a region.

### License:
-------------
[CC BY-4.0 https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by](https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by)

### Authors:
-------------
[World Bank Group](https://data.humdata.org/organization/905a9a49-5325-4a31-a9d7-147a60a8387c)

Commit message:

update(world-bank-indicator.md) : add link to pandas-profile for one of the files of the dataset (diabetes prevelance)

datasets-details/world-bank-indicator.md, after:

# Summary of World Bank Indicators of Interest to the COVID-19 Outbreak dataset.
This dataset provides a comprehensive list of Indicators of interest to the COVID-19 outbreak. For example hospital beds, number of Physicians, Nurses & midwives per country. It also provides details about underlying modribities such as diabetes, heart disease, cancer, etc.

**Update Frequency:** Frequency not specified (last update on March 19, 2020).

**Dataset stats:** Over 25 csv files containing data that are crucial indicators.

**Dataset Profile:** The pandas-profile webpage for one of the indicators (diabetes prevelance) of this dataset can be found [here](https://sfu-db.github.io/covid19-datasets/webpages/impact-indicator-diabetes-prevelance.html).

### Data Sources:
--------
[World Bank Group](https://data.humdata.org/organization/905a9a49-5325-4a31-a9d7-147a60a8387c)

### Codebook
--------------
There are over 25 .csv files containing information ranging from number of healthcare professionals to smoking prevalence and from out-of pocket expenditures to sanitation and age group distibution of population.

### Projects:
-------------
There are no projects based on this dataset. But it can be used in modeling projections for COVID 19, because of the impact of these indicators in determing the outcome of a COVID 19 in a region.

### License:
-------------
[CC BY-4.0 https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by](https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by).

### Authors:
-------------
[World Bank Group](https://data.humdata.org/organization/905a9a49-5325-4a31-a9d7-147a60a8387c).
