assets/how-to-contribute-COVID19repo.md, before:

# HOW TO CONTRIBUTE:

## BACKGROUND:


The vision of developing this repository is to have an exhaustive list of high quality datasets pertaining to COVID 19 which will be open to communities such as academia, research and education.

The following contributions to the repo are welcomed:

1) New high quality datasets that contain information or statistics pertaining to COVID 19 (these can be tabular data, image data or text data). 
2) If you find new projects related to any existing dataset. Please feel to add those to dataset-details page of that particular dataset.
3) Any outdated information pertaining to the current dataset.
4) Any grammatical errors, structural errors or any errors in generals (outdated links,etc.).


## HOW TO CONTRIBUTE A NEW DATASET:

Please follow this simple procedure inorder to have a successful contribution towards the repository.

1) Fork the `covid19-datasets` [repo](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets).
2) Clone **your forked** repo.
3) Contributing to the dataset can be of 2 types: either you can information to an existing dataset or share a completely new dataset. If you are sharing a new dataset there are five simple steps to be followed, they are give below:
    * In the dataset-details directory, create a new page for the dataset using the template provided [here](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/dataset-details-template.md).
    * Add the link of the new page your have created to [README.md](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/README.md), under the correct category (tabular, image or text data).
    * Using the template provided [here](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/pandas-profile-template.py), you can generate a pandas-profile HTML page. 
    * The next step would include adding your pandas-profile HTML page to the webpages folder and including the link to the **Dataset Profile:** section of your dataset details page.
    * The last step would be to add the link to your pandas-profile webpage to index.html. For example for the OWID dataset we would add the following `<li><a href="webpages/owiddataset.html">OWID dataset Pandas-profiling report</a></li>`.
    
5) Once you are done editing or adding a new dataset, perform a pull request from the original dataset `covid19-datasets` [repo](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets).
6) Once your pull request passes the maintainer's review it will be merged.

Commit message:

update(how-to-contribute-COVID19repo.md) : add link to Youtube tutorial on how to contribute to opensource

assets/how-to-contribute-COVID19repo.md, after:

# HOW TO CONTRIBUTE:

## BACKGROUND:


The vision of developing this repository is to have an exhaustive list of high quality datasets pertaining to COVID 19 which will be open to communities such as academia, research and education.

The following contributions to the repo are welcomed:

1) New high quality datasets that contain information or statistics pertaining to COVID 19 (these can be tabular data, image data or text data). 
2) If you find new projects related to any existing dataset. Please feel to add those to dataset-details page of that particular dataset.
3) Any outdated information pertaining to the current dataset.
4) Any grammatical errors, structural errors or any errors in generals (outdated links,etc.).


## HOW TO CONTRIBUTE A NEW DATASET:
_If this is your first time contributing to a open-source project, have a look at this awesome [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSl_qnWO104)._

Please follow this simple procedure inorder to have a successful contribution towards the repository.

1) Fork the `covid19-datasets` [repo](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets).
2) Clone **your forked** repo.
3) Contributing to the dataset can be of 2 types: either you can information to an existing dataset or share a completely new dataset. If you are sharing a new dataset there are five simple steps to be followed, they are give below:
    * In the dataset-details directory, create a new page for the dataset using the template provided [here](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/dataset-details-template.md).
    * Add the link of the new page your have created to [README.md](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/README.md), under the correct category (tabular, image or text data).
    * Using the template provided [here](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets/blob/master/assets/pandas-profile-template.py), you can generate a pandas-profile HTML page. 
    * The next step would include adding your pandas-profile HTML page to the webpages folder and including the link to the **Dataset Profile:** section of your dataset details page.
    * The last step would be to add the link to your pandas-profile webpage to index.html. For example for the OWID dataset we would add the following `<li><a href="webpages/owiddataset.html">OWID dataset Pandas-profiling report</a></li>`.
    
5) Once you are done editing or adding a new dataset, perform a pull request from the original dataset `covid19-datasets` [repo](https://github.com/sfu-db/covid19-datasets).
6) Once your pull request passes the maintainer's review it will be merged.
